Module 8 (#7)
emilypatsko/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

- a specific test within a module by running `poetry run pytest <module>::<method>` e.g. `poetry run pytest tests/test_view_model.py::test_view_model_to_do_items_returns_to_do_items`

You can also do all of the above through the Testing tab by hovering over the test/module/directory you want to run and clicking the play 'Run Test' button.

## Deploying the app

The app is hosted at `https://emipat-todoapp.azurewebsites.net/`. To update the site with any code changes:

1. Log into DockerHub locally by running `docker login` and entering your credentials when prompted. Make sure to have Docker desktop running or you will get an error about not being able to locate the Docker daemon!
2. Build the image by running `docker build --target production --tag <image_tag>` where `<image_tag>` is of the format `<username>/<image name>:<tag>`, e.g. `docker build --target production --tag emilypatsko/todo-app:module8`.

> 3. Push the image to DockerHub by running `docker push <image_tag>`. You can view the image [here](https://hub.docker.com/layers/emilypatsko/todo-app/module8/images/sha256-086b70f33e6f241e2278b1c7e9cd5035c6bd207c7c8a6fa9f71fe1a0559d77c1?context=repo).

Reviewer: Not wrong, but possibly more interesting is this link
```suggestion
3. Push the image to DockerHub by running `docker push <image_tag>`. You can view the image [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/emilypatsko/todo-app/tags).
```
